Increase default TNF to v5.2.1 (#375)
redhatci/ansible-collection-redhatci-ocp: roles/cnf_cert/README.md

test\_network\_function\_repo           | https://github.com/test-network-function/cnf-certification-test                                                                                                                                                                         | Repository to download the tnf code.
test\_network\_function\_src\_dir       | undefined                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | If testing a cnf-certification-test PR, this variable will be injected from test-runner scripts (used in dci-pipeline and dci-openshift-agent projects) to refer to the file path where the code from the PR is placed in the jumphost, so that it can be used in cnf_cert role to build a new tnf container image based on that code

> test\_network\_function\_version        | v5.2.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | CNF Cert Suite version downloaded. DCI App Agent supports from v4.4.0 till the latest stable version. HEAD version (in the main branch) can be also used, but it is not guaranteed a complete compatibility with the latest unstable changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test\_network\_function\_version        | See roles/cnf_cert/defaults/main.yaml for the latest version supported by the agent                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | CNF Cert Suite version downloaded. DCI App Agent supports from v4.4.0 till the latest stable version. HEAD version (in the main branch) can be also used, but it is not guaranteed a complete compatibility with the latest unstable changes.
```
